welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're gonna fail to learn from our prior
mistakes relishing in our hubris with
the follow-up to demons demons - let's
get to it we open on a narration over a
black screen explaining the events of
the last movie and then we're greeted
with the natural end result of what must
have been a quarantine haircut which
pans out to reveal a harmless out of
context shot from a pastry kitchen the
shot further scales out to the broader
city showing that life has gotten back
to normal as one of our main characters
George heads home to the tower we get
the sense we may be walking into a
gremlins 2 situation here we then meet a
variety of characters throughout the
building Hannah
George's wife doing some pregnant
calisthenics and Tony in the gym making
sure everyone's keepin things moist and
then on to Sally's yuppie birthday party
as she laments her physical appearance
she becomes distracted by his seemingly
live news event about the Pryor demon
apocalypse everyone seems to be tuned in
and through it we learned the demon
problem was solved with the construction
of a wall of moderate size these
guerrilla journalists easily scale the
wall and venture in looking for those
killer shots back at the tower we see
George studying for the big test and
Sally's getting her rave on
unfortunately a party goer nonchalantly
invites over her ex Jacob and Sally
storms off to her bedroom to throw a
hissy fit meanwhile since this movie is
from an era before found footage films
were popular we see the journalists
continue on their way apparently being
filmed by an invisible cameraman the
hunting grounds are mostly empty but
they do find a partially exposed torso
which is pretty cool so again forgetting
this is being actively filmed they take
a photo for posterity and hear one of
the crew members who previously
scratched her hand drips her rich
nourishing blood into the corpses mouth
we then get a moment of familiar
verisimilitude as the flash is on these
cameras both failed in sync the crew
then learns the terrible and callous
power of nature and Sally looking on
from her bedroom gets rock-hard at the
images of destruction that demon energy
locks onto her generalized lust for
vengeance and uses it as a gateway to a
room emerging from the TV soon the
birthday brat rejoins the party just in
time for cake makes a wish and then
totally destroys the vibe by making
everyone stare at her wretched teeth
while she transforms the partygoers find
the child locks have been engaged and
they get absolutely shredded to ribbons
once she's had her fill Sally begins
molting and her caustic blood does a
number to the building structural
integrity as it leaks to the floors
below wreaking havoc on the hardwood in
the son
and eventually knocking out the lights
in the tower this leaves George stuck in
the elevator with a lady who absolutely
loses her mind while Tony who is
apparently the Jim's universal spotter
recommends they all leave but with some
exceptions for those who find themselves
too busy blasting their pecs downstairs
we learned that the phones are also dead
and the automatic doors are locked back
to following our blood trail upstairs we
see young Davies been lapping up the
life juice transforming into his true
savage self he chases down the master
with ease and reclaims sovereign rights
to his own destiny while one floor up
the partygoers also gain their freedom
George manages to crack the elevator
doors just in time to bear witness to
the pandemonium and the return of hell
on earth making the elevator now feel
nice and cozy at the gym the stragglers
go to work but are no physical match for
the demons after a brief encounter Tony
makes a wise decision to run however all
this prime beef turns momentarily into a
cattle call as they're stuck behind
unbreakable glass forcing them to a side
exit leading to the parking garage there
they fortify their position while taking
extreme measures to escape but to no
avail
sensing danger little Ricky proceeds
down a hallway free of demons but with
high risk of a poltergeist attack when
he sees the oncoming horde he's forced
into an air duct to hide which saves him
from this demon but results in him being
doused in a stranger's blood around this
time with the coasts appearing to be
clear Ripper tries to help George out
but the coast quickly becomes unclear
and he gets ripped up himself resulting
in a mild confrontation for our elevator
survivors we learned that Hannah's been
keeping it safe until now but is
compelled to open the door to the sound
of a frightened child a ruse put on by
[ __ ] Ricky who eventually works his
way in and menaces Hannah but then
succumbs to a brood Ling that's been
growing inside of him and wants to meet
the world back in the garage they're
making preparations how's it going not
good because we don't know how to make
one we're normal people Hannah works to
avoid this very boggling Eska demon
eventually trapping it and whatever this
thing is and then she takes the time
she's earned to stand and watch as it
attempts to break free this of course
prompts her to use her household supply
of acid on the spawn limb at the
elevator George is climbing for help
when his cellmate transitions and begins
to pursue him up the cables he's able to
kick her off and make it to the top he
then arrives home right in time to spear
Hannah's attacker with an umbrella
in the garage they've finished their
preparations in the major fight ensues
Tony is a much better job this time
around right up until the time he
succumbs to a classic
he steals the peaches move this young
girl then watches helplessly as Papa
tests his mettle in Mortal Kombat dying
a valiant death but leaving her to the
mercy of the Horde George and Hannah
head to the roof the safest location on
any high-rise and pick up two survivors
along the way one survivors mercilessly
killed on the stairwell and the other
after she makes her change on the roof
it's unclear what the plan is but they
do rappel from the roof to a lower roof
an absolutely stunning strategy Sally is
close behind but George is a level 40
demon killer at this point makes quick
work of her they find a TV studio inside
where Hannah can lay down comfortably to
begin the birthing process since it's
now daytime outside the demon curses
past resulting in the easiest quickest
and cleanest labor in recorded history
when one last demon stumbles in they
find that it's blind and dying and the
movie ends perchance on some sort of
social commentary and that was demons -
a nice little preemptive mashup of
gremlins - poltergeist 3 and no video
drums sprinkled in all in all a very
strong sequel if you enjoyed the video
I'd love for you to become a part of the
channel by subscribing thanks for
watching